<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ops="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en" dir="ltr">
  <head>
    <title>
      Abstract
    </title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>
      Abstract
    </h2>
    <p class="avoid-page-break">
      <strong>Author:</strong><br />
      Henrik Franciscus Leppä
    </p>
    <p class="avoid-page-break">
      <strong>Published:</strong><br />
      May 18<sup>th</sup>, 2016
    </p>
    <p class="avoid-page-break">
      <strong>EPUB file updated:</strong><br />
      June 17<sup>th</sup>, 2016
    </p>
    <p class="avoid-page-break">
      <strong>Institution:</strong><br />
      Haaga-Helia University of Applied Sciences
    </p>
    <p class="avoid-page-break">
      <strong>Degree programme:</strong><br />
      Business Information Technology
    </p>
    <p class="avoid-page-break">
      <strong>Thesis title:</strong><br />
      Working as a front-end developer in a company that produces monitoring software for telecommunications operators
    </p>
    <hr />
    <p>
      This portfolio-type diary thesis describes and analyses a web interface developer’s work in a company that produces monitoring software for telecommunications operators, over a period of ten weeks, between September 7<sup>th</sup> and November 13<sup>th</sup>, 2015. The developer plans at the beginning of each day what he is going to do, and describes the tasks. At the end of each day, the developer reflects upon what he accomplished, and what problems and other topics of interest there were during the day. At the end of each week the developer focuses on a relevant subject and analyses it.
    </p>
    <p>
      The company was founded in Finland, and is now multinational. The developer had his apprenticeship in the company before, and currently works in a team which uses the Scrum agile software development method. As a front-end programmer, the developer works closely with other developers and the user experience team.
    </p>
    <p>
      During the time of writing this thesis, the developer acquired skills and knowledge of programming with JavaScript ECMAScript 6 features and on usage of the React library. The developer learned and became more interested in digital accessibility, particularly in the WAI-ARIA specification. The developer enhanced his experience of writing, particularly how best to take the readers into consideration, and make better use of the following copywriting features: typography, writing style, use of abbreviations, use of details, and use of foreign terms. The developer also learned techniques for overcoming writer’s block. The developer also recognized the importance and methods of data archiving.
    </p>
    <hr />
    <p class="avoid-page-break">
      <strong>Keywords:</strong><br />
      agile methods, JavaScript, software architecture, software development, web-programming
    </p>
  </body>
</html>
