<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ops="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="fi" lang="fi" class="sources">
  <head>
    <title>
      Lähteet
    </title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>
      Lähteet
    </h2>
    <p id="sicp">
      Abelson, H., Sussman, G. &amp; Sussman, J. 1984. <cite>Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="https://mitpress.mit.edu/sicp/">https://mitpress.mit.edu/sicp/</a>. Luettu: 25.9.2015. <a href="johdanto.xhtml#sicp-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="mbio">
      American Society for Microbiology (ASM). 2016. <cite>mBio™ Instructions to Authors - Abbreviations and Conventions</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="http://mbio.asm.org/site/misc/journal-ita_abb.xhtml#02">http://mbio.asm.org/site/misc/journal-ita_abb.xhtml#02</a>. Luettu: 13.4.2016. <a href="pohdinta-ja-paatelmat.xhtml#mbio-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="something-manager">
      Atwood, J. 2006. <cite>I Shall Call It.. SomethingManager</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="http://blog.codinghorror.com/i-shall-call-it-somethingmanager/">http://blog.codinghorror.com/i-shall-call-it-somethingmanager/</a>. Luettu: 28.10.2015. <a href="seurantaviikko-2.xhtml#something-manager-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="commonmark">
      Atwood, J., Dumke-von der Ehe, B., Greenspan, D., MacFarlane, J., Marti, V. &amp; Williams, N. 2016. <cite>CommonMark</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="http://commonmark.org/">http://commonmark.org/</a>. Luettu: 15.4.2015. <a href="seurantaviikko-9.xhtml#commonmark-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="bollier-volkswagen">
      Bollier, D. 2015. <cite>Volkswagen Scandal Confirms the Dangers of Proprietary Code</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="http://www.bollier.org/blog/volkswagen-scandal-confirms-dangers-proprietary-code">http://www.bollier.org/blog/volkswagen-scandal-confirms-dangers-proprietary-code</a>. Luettu: 23.3.2016. <a href="seurantaviikko-3.xhtml#bollier-volkswagen-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="javascript-the-good-parts">
      Crockford, D. 2008. <cite>JavaScript: The Good Parts</cite>. O’Reilly Media / Yahoo Press. <a href="johdanto.xhtml#javascript-the-good-parts-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="dwyer-volkswagen">
      Dwyer, J. 2015. <cite>Volkswagen’s Diesel Fraud Makes Critic of Secret Code a Prophet</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/23/nyregion/volkswagens-diesel-fraud-makes-critic-of-secret-code-a-prophet.html">http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/23/nyregion/volkswagens-diesel-fraud-makes-critic-of-secret-code-a-prophet.html</a>. Luettu: 23.3.2016. <a href="seurantaviikko-3.xhtml#dwyer-volkswagen-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="safe">
      Leffingwell, D. 2016. <cite>About – Scaled Agile Framework</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="http://scaledagileframework.com/about/">http://scaledagileframework.com/about/</a>. Luettu: 1.4.2016. <a href="seurantaviikko-4.xhtml#safe-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="uusi-suomenkielinen-scrum-guide">
      Lekman Consulting. 2014. <cite>Uusi suomenkielinen Scrum Guide</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="https://lekman.fi/scrumguide/">https://lekman.fi/scrumguide/</a>. Luettu: 25.4.2016. <a href="johdanto.xhtml#uusi-suomenkielinen-scrum-guide-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="nn-group">
      Loranger, H. 2014. <cite>Break Grammar Rules on Websites for Clarity</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="https://www.nngroup.com/articles/break-grammar-rules/">https://www.nngroup.com/articles/break-grammar-rules/</a>. Luettu: 13.4.2016. <a href="pohdinta-ja-paatelmat.xhtml#nn-group-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="moglen-volkswagen">
      Moglen, E. 2010. <cite>When Software is in Everything: Future Liability Nightmares Free Software Helps Avoid</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="https://www.softwarefreedom.org/events/2010/sscl/moglen-software_in_everything-transcript.html">https://www.softwarefreedom.org/events/2010/sscl/moglen-software_in_everything-transcript.html</a>. Luettu: 23.3.2016. <a href="seurantaviikko-3.xhtml#moglen-volkswagen-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="mdn">
      Mozilla Developer Network. 2016. <cite>Mozilla Developer Network</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/">https://developer.mozilla.org/</a>. Luettu: 12.4.2016. <a href="johdanto.xhtml#mdn-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="quasi-qualified-css-selectors">
      Roberts, H. 2012. <cite>Quasi-qualified CSS selectors</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="http://csswizardry.com/2012/07/quasi-qualified-css-selectors/">http://csswizardry.com/2012/07/quasi-qualified-css-selectors/</a>. Luettu: 14.4.2016. <a href="pohdinta-ja-paatelmat.xhtml#quasi-qualified-css-selectors-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="schofield">
      Schofield, J. 2014. <cite>Follow Schofield’s Three Laws of Computing and avoid disasters</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="http://www.zdnet.com/article/follow-schofields-three-laws-of-computing-and-avoid-disasters/">http://www.zdnet.com/article/follow-schofields-three-laws-of-computing-and-avoid-disasters/</a>. Luettu: 20.4.2016. <a href="pohdinta-ja-paatelmat.xhtml#schofield-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="unsafe-at-any-speed">
      Schwaber, K. 2013. <cite>unSAFe at any speed</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="https://kenschwaber.wordpress.com/2013/08/06/unsafe-at-any-speed/">https://kenschwaber.wordpress.com/2013/08/06/unsafe-at-any-speed/</a>. Luettu: 1.4.2016. <a href="seurantaviikko-4.xhtml#unsafe-at-any-speed-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="scrum-guide">
      Schwaber, K. &amp; Sutherland, J. 2013. <cite>The Scrum Guide</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="http://www.scrumguides.org/scrum-guide.html">http://www.scrumguides.org/scrum-guide.html</a>. Luettu: 5.4.2016. <a href="johdanto.xhtml#scrum-guide-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="stack-exchange">
      Stack Exchange, Inc. 2016. <cite>Stack Exchange</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="http://stackexchange.com/">http://stackexchange.com/</a>. Luettu: 12.4.2016. <a href="johdanto.xhtml#stack-exchange-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="roam">
      Waters, K. 2012. <cite>Risk Management – How to Stop Risks from Screwing Up Your Projects!</cite> Luettavissa: <a href="http://www.allaboutagile.com/risk-management-how-to-stop-risks-from-screwing-up-your-projects/">http://www.allaboutagile.com/risk-management-how-to-stop-risks-from-screwing-up-your-projects/</a>. Luettu: 23.10.2015. <a href="seurantaviikko-7.xhtml#roam-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="wai-aria">
      World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). 2014. <cite>Accessible Rich Internet Applications (WAI-ARIA)</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/">https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/</a>. Luettu: 14.4.2016. <a href="pohdinta-ja-paatelmat.xhtml#wai-aria-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
    <p id="html5">
      World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). 2014. <cite>HTML5</cite>. Luettavissa: <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/html5/">https://www.w3.org/TR/html5/</a>. Luettu: 4.4.2016. <a href="johdanto.xhtml#html5-viittaus">(Viittaus)</a>
    </p>
  </body>
</html>
